# Layout: Spacings

Spacing is the vertical and horizontal distance between components of a layout,
defining the relationship of the UI elements to create both visual consistency and
functionality.

Using the same defined spacing system across all digital products delivers a
consistent user experience across all pages.

For UI layouts, spacing should be used in combination with the [responsive Grid]().

## 8 px Spacing System 

The layout uses an 8 px square grid system across all screens (mobile, tablet
and desktop) to define dimensions, padding and merging of block and inline
elements.  The grid unit is designed to work well with the base type size of
16px and other component sizes.

Margin and padding are applied consistently based on multiples of 8px. Boxed UI
elements are sized either by adapting to the fixed value or to the fluid column
widths, along with the defined aspect rules.

As an exception, typography works with a baseline unit of 4px, half of the
layout unit, for larger flexibility in obtaining the desired effect, while still
ensuring a consistent overall rhythm.


## Spacing methods UI Kit uses two spacing methods, one for static spacing
between UI elements and another for responsive spacing.  The two systems are
built on the same definitions to complement the overall consistency but serve
different roles.

Additional increments can be added if needed for a specific project as long as
the 8px spacing rule is followed.

### Static spacing Is the spacing scale which should be used for most UI
elements, which do not need to change across different screen sizes. It is used
to create appropriate spatial relationships within and around components.

**Token**			     **px**			**rem**		**example** --- Spacing-4		|	4px 		|	0.25	|
--- Spacing-8		|	8px 		|	0.5		| --- Spacing-16		|	16px	|	1		| --- Spacing-24		|
24px	|	1.5		| --- Spacing-32		|	32px	|	2		| --- Spacing-40		|	40px	|	2.5		| ---
Spacing-48		|	48px	|	3		| --- Spacing-56		|	56px	|	3.5		| --- Spacing-64		|	64px
|	4		| --- Spacing-72		|	72px	|	4.5		| --- Spacing-80		|	80px	|	5		|		


### Flexible spacing Flexible spacing changes the distance in accordance with
the screen size on which it is displayed, to fit special spacing needs. The
value of responsive spacing changes at defined breakpoint widths.

| Token | 320 - 759 | 760 - 999 | 1000 - 1299 | 1300 - 1759 | 1760 - +   | |
———— | —— | —— | —— | —— | —— | | spacing-a | 4px  | 8px  | 12px | 16px | 20px |
| spacing-b | 8px  | 16px | 24px | 32px | 40px | | spacing-c | 16px | 24px |
32px | 40px | 48px | | spacing-d | 24px | 32px | 40px | 48px | 56px | |
spacing-e | 32px | 40px | 48px | 56px | 64px | | spacing-f | 40px | 48px | 56px
| 64px | 72px | | spacing-g | 48px | 56px | 64px | 72px | 80px |

## Working with space Spacing is a powerful design element, an integral part of
every layout, which can create relationships, hierarchy, and rhythm between
components.

### Relationships The space between components can determine if the elements
seem to have a meaningful connection. Closely placed elements relate to each
other. If more space is added between components, the relationship weakens.

Using a consistent spacing pattern across elements can also create a rapidly
sensible relationship.

### Hierarchy By leaving different spaces between elements or sections of
information will influence the reader to perceive them like having a different
relevance. Elements that have more space around tend to be perceived as being
further up in the hierarchy.

Creating hierarchy on the page guides the viewer where to look and helps
separate and organize elements in the design and guide users attention to
certain elements.

### White space Is the empty space (also referred to as negative space) in a
design. Although called whitespace, the blank space can be filled with any color
as long as it’s free of elements like text, graphics or images, creating a
well-spaced and clear product. White space helps deliver a good experience by
giving elements space to breathe and letting the reader’s eye relax.

### Rhythm Repetition of bundles of elements, where similar information are
placed in the same relative space within the group, delivers a pattern and
creates an expectation for the viewer while scanning the feed. Breaking a rhythm
will make the element seem more hierarchical.

## Usage in Sketch ### Define the grid The Porsche UI Kit works with 8px
increments, but it allows 4px values in a few cases, where larger flexibility is
needed. We recommend setting up the workspace with a 4px grid system.

### Snap to grid Most design apps have the option to snap elements to the grid.
Using this feature will help position elements faster in the layout.

### Nudge In design, nudging is called the small and large jumps that elements
make while moving them with the keyboard arrows. Adjusting the large nudge to 8
will help you to stay in the grid system. ::In Sketch, this can be done using an
app called Nudg.it.::

### ::Frame your icons:: ::In order to keep icons in a similar visual weight,
their sizes often differ. Adding a container around them helps handle the
variations as elements with defined parameters.::

## Design tools versus web browser When considering the differences between
design tools and web browsers, it’s important to keep in mind that the
developers work with spacing tokens that have fixed values, following the 8px
spacing system. ::The designs should be created in a manner that developers
should be able to read the distances between elements correctly.::

### Borders While in design tools the border doesn’t count toward the shape
size, browsers consider borders as solid space around elements. ::This
difference can lead to confusion between engineers and designers.::

### Lines Lines can be created either through using a narrow rectangle or a path
with a stroke. ::For better readability of the space between elements, we
recommend using paths with stroke.::

### Textboxes Developers measure the spacing of typography from the bounding box
of the text element. When working with typography, the bounding box should be
placed within the grid parameters, even if the baseline of the typography is not
on the grid line. ::MEMO: Texte am besten immer mit Textwerkzeug, nicht als Box
anlegen::

### Images Images are the exception from the above rule because they can be
displayed in many different aspect ratios and can follow various rules for
handling responsiveness across screen sizes and breakpoints.

The upper part of the images should be placed on the grid system, even if the
bottom part doesn’t fit. The element underneath should then be placed on the
grid line again, creating a larger space between the elements. ::Im Zweifel den
Abstand in der Implementierung wählen, der näher dran ist::

#puik/descriptions