# Spacing

We use predefined spacings to position components vertically and horizontally within a layout. Reusing defined spacings
provides a consistent user experience across all pages and makes development easier. For fluid layouts the spacings
should be used in combination with the [Responsive Grid](components/grid).

### 8px spacing system - the Porsche formula

The Porsche spacing system is based on multiples of eight. The unit of 8px refers to the general base size of 16px (=
1em), that is also applied in the typography and other component sizes.

![The Porsche spacing formula](./assets/spacings-formula.png)

<TableOfContents></TableOfContents>

## Spacing system and layout spacings

For layouting we recommend to use the layout spacings that are available for developers as variables from x-small to
xx-large. Additional increments of the spacing system can be used for specific requirements as long as it is based on
the 8px spacing system.

![The Porsche spacing formula](./assets/spacings-example-02.png) Example: Mixed use of the spacing system with layout
and custom spacings.

## Working with space

Spacing is a powerful design element, an integral part of every layout, which can create relationships, hierarchy, and
rhythm between components.

### Relationships

The space between components can determine if the elements seem to have a meaningful connection. Closely placed elements
relate to each other. If more space is added between components, the relationship weakens. Using a consistent spacing
pattern across elements can also create a quickly intelligible relationship.

### Hierarchy

Leaving different spaces between elements or sections of information will influence the reader to perceive them as
having a different relevance. Elements that have more space around them tend to be perceived as being further up in the
hierarchy. Creating hierarchy on the page guides viewers' eyes and helps separate and organise elements in the design
and guide users' attention to certain elements.

### White space (also: negative space)

The empty space (also referred to as negative space) in a design. Although called white space, the blank space can be
filled with any color as long as it’s free of elements like text, graphics or images, creating a well-spaced and clear
product. White space helps deliver a good experience by giving elements space to breathe and letting the reader’s eye
relax.

## Usage in Sketch

### Define the grid

The Porsche Design System works with 8px increments, but it allows 4px values in a few cases, where greater flexibility
is needed. We recommend setting up the workspace with a 4px grid system. You can change the Sketch grid settings via:
View → Canvas → Grid Settings → Grid Block Size: 4px. Or, when setting up a totally new UI design file, feel free to use
the
[Porsche Design System layout template](https://designsystem.porsche.com/sketch/porsche-design-system-layout-template.sketch)
with predefined settings.

### Snap to grid

Most design apps have the option to snap elements to the grid. Using this feature will help position elements faster in
the layout.

### Nudging

To make the UI design workflow as smooth as possible, it is helpful to adjust the nudging (= increments an element moves
when using keyboard arrows) to the grid steps in use. We recommend the following settings, reachable via Sketch settings
→ Canvas:

- Move objects **1px** using Arrow keys.
- Move objects **8px** using Shift-Arrow keys.

## Design tools vs. web browser

### Translating Sketch spacings into variables

When it comes to design-to-dev-handover, we should always keep in mind that the handling of spacings is different:
Whereas the designer sets the spacings manually in Sketch layouts, the developer implements them by using pre-defined
spacing variables (e.g. spacing-8 or spacing-16) or the layout variables (e.g. layout-small or layout-medium).
Therefore, we should always make sure that the spacings in sketch are set as correctly as possible and that they the
developer can easily read them in Abstract's inspect mode - of course, a personal conversation between designer and
developer is always the best way to get optimal results.

![Abstract inspect view of spacing](./assets/spacings-inspect.png)

### Borders

While in Sketch the border isn't added to the shape size, browsers consider borders as solid space around elements by
default. We recommend to ignore this fact while designing and to always set the focus on giving the developer the right
spacing sizes between or inside elements, even if this results in slightly higher elements in implementation due to the
additional border.

### Lines

Lines can be created using either a narrow rectangle or a path with a stroke. For better readability of the space
between elements, we recommend using paths with a stroke.

### Text boxes

Developers measure the spacing of typography from the bounding box of the text element. When working with typography,
the bounding box should be placed within the grid parameters, even if the baseline of the typography is not on the grid
line. It's best to always create texts using the text tool, not as a box!

![Text box placement](./assets/spacings-bounding-box.png)

### How to handle uneven image heights

It is no rocket science setting the correct 8px spacing values when the element heights correspond to the 4px grid
themselves. But there is an exception, where element heights don’t fit in perfectly: Images. They can be displayed in
many different aspect ratios (such as 16:9 or 4:3) and follow various rules for handling responsiveness (like cropping
or resizing). Depending on their width and the screen size, their height will most likely not fit in the 4px grid. To
follow a consistent rule, we recommend to always place the upper part (X/Y value) on the grid system, even if the bottom
part doesn’t fit. The following element underneath should then be placed on the grid line again. As for the
implementation of the spacing, the developer should use the spacing variable with the value closest to it. For example,
the following design case might lead to an implemented spacing value of 16 px, as this the spacing variable the most
close to 18 px.

![Image placement](./assets/spacing-images.png)
