# Divider

Horizontal or vertical dividers are 1 px **lines that are used to create visual separation** between related sections of content. Dividers can be used as single elements or embedded in components like, for example, tables or accordions.

In Porsche web applications dividers **should only be used sparingly as structural elements** and only in neutral colors (greyscales) supporting the Porsche Brand Code’s core values of maintaining plenty of white space as well as a modern, streamlined look and a clear, precise design.

---

## Variants

### Horizontal divider
The horizontal dividers comes with 1 px height and is preset with auto-width thus technically adapts to the width of surrounding elements per default.    
<div style="width:20%; margin-top:32px;">
<p-divider></p-divider>
</div>

### Vertical divider
The vertical divider has a 1 px width and a preset default height of 100%.

<p-divider orientation="vertical" style="height:120px;" class="divider-vertical-example"></p-divider>

#### Responsiveness
Both variants provide a responsive behaviour, so it's also possible to switch between the variants responsively (e.g. when it's necessary to switch from a horizontal divider on desktop to a vertical divider on mobile screens).

---

## Usage

### Color appearance

Dividers should generally only be used in neutral colors. Depending on the purpose the Porsche Design System provides three neutral scales for both Light and Dark Theme. Prefererably they should be used only on the themes' background colors (Background or Surface color).

#### Neutral Contrast Low
This subtle color version should be used only for "nice to have" and merely decorative dividers that have no effect on the user's perception of the page content, as the color "Neutral Contrast Low" is not accessibility-safe for neither Light nor Dark Theme.  

<p-text color="brand">[ 📷 BEISPIELABBILDUNG (INKL. LEVEL AA WERT) FOLGT ]</p-text>

#### Neutral Contrast Medium / Neutral Contrast High

Whenever it's crucial for the perception of the page content, you should go for dividers in Neutral Contrast Medium or Neutral Contrast High: 

<p-text color="brand">[ 📷 BEISPIELABBILDUNG (INKL. LEVEL AA WERT) FOLGT ]</p-text>

### Layout appearance

The dividers provided in the Porsche Design System can be used in different visual appearance depending on the layout purpose: 

#### Full-bleed divider

Full-bleed dividers span the entire length of a module or page ("end to end"). Therefore they can be used to separate page sections that require a clear and more distinct visual separation, for example to separate the header from the rest of the web page.

<p-text color="brand">[ 📷 BEISPIELABBILDUNG FOLGT ]</p-text>

#### Inset divider

Inset dividers are used with an offset that is often generated by preset grid margins, module paddings or by individually defined outer spacings. They are appropriate for separating related content (like, for example, table rows or a list of contact items) and help users to scan content and perceive it as a related collection. 

<p-text color="brand">[ 📷 BEISPIELABBILDUNG FOLGT ]</p-text>

---

## Don’ts

### Avoid heavy use of dividers.
Dividers should be used sparingly within a page layout. This is especially relevant for dividers that are used as single elements (and therefore not necessarily occur multiple times as parts of a table, for example). A heavy use of dividers can lead to visual distraction and crowded interfaces, also taking up too much space especially on mobile screens.

### Don't use dividers only to structure content.

Dividers are not the only way to create visual rhythm and hierarchy on a web page. You should always consider other options for structuring content before using dividers, such as: 

* White space / spacings (think of general perception rules like the law of proximity)
* Sizings
* Color (e.g. emphasizing content by using lighter or darker colors)

Also sometimes the elements on a page already create a visual structure on their own (like an image grid, for example) and there might be no need for using extra separating elements like dividers.

### Keep decorative use to a minimum.

Dividers should always be used to structure and therefore help the user perceiving the content of a web page. A usage for a purely decorative purpose is possible, but should be kept to an absolute minimum.

---

## Related components

* [Grid](#/components/layout/grid)
* [Spacing](#/components/layout/spacing)